hi this is my Callahan doctor file
finder and welcome to the sweet stuff go
on mobile this week I'm going to do
another segment of our series on
flashing Android ramps to your Android
phone last week we took and flashed
cyanogenmod to this motorola droid and
this week we're going to flash bugless
beast as we mentioned last week you want
to have rom manager there's a link to it
in the show notes and it's also a link
down below know down below I give the
name of the ROM that we're going to
flash today but I give the download is
for rom manager once again rom manager
will only show you the roms that are
suited for your device so here you see
bugless beast and then again i mentioned
last week sometimes it tells you that
you must wipe data and cache other times
it'll tell you not to so it's important
that you read these little directions
this is a stable release and they're
telling you that you have to wipe and
also after the first boot don't touch
the device until it reboots itself so
we're going to tap bugless beast say
download the rom pull this down and you
can see our download is in progress so
we'll wait for that to finish you can
see we're making good progress here and
we're getting pretty close to being done
we're at sixty-six percent now you know
right away when your download finishes
because you get this little screen come
up rom pre-installation we do want to
back up our existing ROM and we do want
to wipe data and cache now we're going
to tap ok well we tap ok again is going
to reboot into the clockworkmod recovery
and it's going to start the installation
of bugless beast so we'll tap ok and
we're on our way so here we are we've
rebooted and bugless beast is now
installed on the motorola droid I
to be clear on the fact that when you
flash a new rom to your android device
that when it comes up you don't see this
you see a scream prompting you to go
through a droid tutorial asking you to
sign into your google account asking you
to set up wireless and so on because
when you flash a new rom you're putting
in a whole new operating system onto
your device so for example your wireless
connection isn't set up might have been
before you install the rom but it isn't
now so prior to getting into this point
i went through and did those things so
that i can show you this now so you can
see that there are a variety of other
things here it's a bugless beast tool
and you can get news and notifications a
changelog a script helper frequently
asked questions it's kind of a nice
feature to come with a rhyme you can
also look through and see that there are
some different programs in here here's
Pete's blog Pete is the guy who creates
the bugless beast information about
super users spare parts and so on so
it's a different rom than what you had
when you first started see they have an
option up here you can tap here he shot
the sheriff so this is bugless beast now
you can go through and configure it the
way you want it has the benefit of
improved performance it's very stable
has good speed and numerous other
benefits that's all for me for this week
I'll be back next week with more cool
mobile software to talk about I really
hope you'll join me and until then for
all the sweet stuff stay right here I'm
butterscotch calm
you
hey this is doc I know a lot of you
watch my show so if you'd like to show
your support head on over to hover com /
sweet stuff and get domains for ten
percent off you show your support hover
is easy to use and lets you get domain
names and make the most out of them
thanks